Rename ReadyState -> IdleState (#368)
input-output-hk/hydra: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: The starting state of a Head is renamed `Idle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: The starting state of a Head is renamed to `IdleState`, which is visible in the log API.
```
